hello and welcome to the hi fi
agent here it is this and show today
I give you the devil sound package consono
35 mk 25.1 z
this consists of four satellites
speakers a center and a
huge subwoofer we come to first
the heart of the package and the
subwoofer
this one has a volume of 45 liters and
it weighs 20 kilograms
He has an amplifier with 125 watts of sinus
and a bass reflex opening at the
bottom
The package is rounded off with the four
satellite speakers are the one pulse
load capacity of 120 watts have one
call impedance from 4 to 8 ohms and
only 800 grams are easy
put them either upright or
mount on the wall where there is no
mounting material is included with
Similar data comes from the center
loudspeaker therefore
this can be placed horizontally
or be mounted on the wall
a holding shell is here but too
We do not have to worry about the quality of the sound
say a lot because as usual from the devil
This is superb the 35 mk2 package
shines not only in music but also
at games and at film
who this package the living room
but would like to make sure
not enough space is available
a few five loudspeakers but before
especially if the big subwoofer on the
top of the subwoofer is set up
a high gloss material
However, this surface is very
dust and scratch prone the hifi
Agent can not do much about this package
unless we can not find any
to have criticism is the console 35
mk2 package for 299 euro
that was your agent